Gonna dig my grave with a silver spade Wanna dig my grave with a silver spade Wanna dig my grave with a silver spade Wanna dig my grave with a silver spade Cause I ain't wanna be here no longer
There's a big white robe in him for me There's a big white robe in him for me There's a big white robe in him for me Cause I ain't wanna be here no longer There's some silver shoes in him for me There's some silver shoes in him for me There's some silver shoes in him for me There's some silver shoes in him
Hem for me, cause I ain't gonna be here no longer.
There's a golden harp in the hem for me.
Cause I ain't gonna be here no longer.
So you can beat my grave with the
You can dig my grave with a silver state.
Cause I ain't gonna be here no longer.